hey what's going on guys Josh here and
we got poor new final edition cards to
squeak
plus the collection award the collection
award is a nice 7 overall colors Dunlap
that is no trailer auction and you get a
Lombardi pack and 5000 points so we had
tramaine Brock max Unger Duke hitch head
not sure who or the Hitchin know however
you say his name and they got Brandon
Jacobs this is Brandon Jacobs
is a pretty cool card has 99 TRUCKING
and 97 carrying so really good power
back and he's also 64 so just a huge guy
huge beast and a pretty good card to
probably try out
so those four cards gotta collect and
get that pearl style up now also me
doing a plentiful fate in this video
people been asking about that I wish you
don't post that many gameplays on my
channel but I do have a couple gameplays
coming up I got some 99 Johnny Manziel
gameplay so I'm going to get did a
spitter gameplay and then also a Super
Bowl game play so those three things are
coming up soon but people want to see my
record here's my record 80 or excuse me
58 and 6 and I've in my sixth season or
she's my fifth season and I've got three
Super Bowls so pretty okay stats I
disabled so for myself but here's my
lineup see my own line isn't really
anything special
probably best guy on there is Dan
Dierdorf all to a legend I did do the
collection for this how to pick them out
this is the stats
they've got Altima legend Thurman Thomas
has halfback probably the best Hackett
in the game in my personal opinion a
great speed great carrying great
looseness and he said really good at
catching so that's nice as well for my
receivers got Julio Josh Gordon and Nate
Washington and then here's a Golan tape
in his pit of TwoPlusTwo acceleration
and he's three of 150 look at the nice
stats right there I picked up this Rhino
Cunningham today I went from ulta legend
Otto Graham to play off a good luck
now using this Randall Cunningham gonna
try them out see if I like them I've got
a by Miller I left in he's also limited
I pulled this guy I never sold him three
or forty eight probably has the longest
tenure on my team
Marshall Darius ultimate legend Warren
Sapp Derek Thomas had complete his
collection and get him I just saw this
card one day and I just knew I was gonna
pick it up one day so pretty nice tats
and he makes plays for me
combine click on my warriors in the
defensive secondary Pat peaked DRC and
LaRon Landry we've got night rellenas
cornerback number three
great block Shannon gets p-61 and he's
got that hit power and so this dish the
Shawn Golson Shawn goes in there's a
play Mike Ruiz also 62 so that's nice
specialist we got DRC returning kicks
van a tear a kickin ball Thomas wants
head kicking the ball at all and punning
gonna try to get that Jenny Lafleur but
I don't have right now coaches Jim
Schwartz uniforms I switch up depending
on what I want to do for a video Stadium
I push up depending on video as well
offensive and defensive playbook is C
Philadelphia playbook and the four six
so that's gonna wrap with you guys I
hope you guys enjoyed look out for a
game plays coming up all this week and
I'm out but